Update and expand GameObject Creation feature module documentation (#885)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/game-object-creation/standard-usage.md

<%(Toc)%>

> # Setup basic spawning

Reviewer: is it setup or set up? 
I would have gone with set up (as the verb) for this and the next header, but not entirely sure

Author: Ah - I think it may be set up

Reviewer: it's still setup your

## Setup your GameObject prefabs

The [`GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata`]({{urlRoot}}/api/game-object-creation/game-object-creator-from-metadata) class is the default implementation for spawning GameObjects for your SpatialOS entities. This class expects your GameObject prefabs to be in a particular place in your project.

The `GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata` uses the `entity_type` field in the `Metadata` component along with the worker instance's type to determine which prefab to spawn.

> <%(Callout message="You can set the `entity_type` field in the `Metadata` component when declaring your [EntityTemplate]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/entity-templates.md)")%>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<%(Callout message="You can set the `entity_type` field in the `Metadata` component when declaring your [EntityTemplate]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/entity-templates.md).")%>
```

For a given worker type `<worker-type>` it will look for a prefab at:

```text

> Resources/Prefabs/<worker-type>/<Metadata.entity-type>

Reviewer: should we mention the Common folder here as well?
as it's not clear how you derived the rules stated afterwards

Author: Yes good call

```

This leads to the following rules for a GameObject that will represent a SpatialOS entity:

* The prefab must be named `<Metadata.entity_type>`.
* For a specific worker, use the `Resources/Prefabs/<worker-type>` directory.
* For a prefab that is common to any worker, use the `Resources/Prefabs/Common`.

> ## Add the prerequisite systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add the GameObjectInitializationSystem system
```
maybe? as we only add one system anyway

Author: Well we don't ask users to add the system but call the helper - the helper can in the future add more than one system I guess. I really don't want to say `Call the helper` 😂

Reviewer: "Set up your worker connector"?

I just don't really like the term "prerequisite systems"

Author: Sure

<%(Toc)%>
# Setup basic spawning

## Set up your GameObject prefabs

The [`GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata`]({{urlRoot}}/api/game-object-creation/game-object-creator-from-metadata) class is the default implementation for spawning GameObjects for your SpatialOS entities. This class expects your GameObject prefabs to be in a particular place in your project.

The `GameObjectCreatorFromMetadata` uses the `entity_type` field in the `Metadata` component along with the worker instance's type to determine which prefab to spawn.

<%(Callout message="You can set the `entity_type` field in the `Metadata` component when declaring your [EntityTemplate]({{urlRoot}}/reference/concepts/entity-templates.md).")%>

For a given worker type `<worker-type>` it will first look for a prefab at:

```text
Resources/Prefabs/<worker-type>/<Metadata.entity-type>
```

Then, if it can't find one there, it will look for a prefab at:

```text
Resources/Prefabs/Common/<Metadata.entity-type>
```

> If prefab is not found at either location, a GameObject will not be spawned for that SpatialOS entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the prefab is not found at either location, a GameObject will not be spawned for that SpatialOS entity
```

> This leads to the following rules for a GameObject that will represent a SpatialOS entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This leads to the following rules for representing a SpatialOS Entity as a GameObject:
```

* The prefab must be named `<Metadata.entity_type>`.
* For a specific worker, use the `Resources/Prefabs/<worker-type>` directory.
* For a prefab that is common to any worker, use the `Resources/Prefabs/Common`.

> ## Setup your worker connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up your worker connector
```
